But the start is done to the country
award of the winter favorites at 1,600 meters
the outside immediately takes over
command before blanket spirit
ameron in fourth position in front of amarell
or behind timez at the end of the field
in macau this is the middle of the field
at a brisk ride energizer with two
length advantage
behind are outside spirit and them
then pack ahl in fourth position
marino together with amateurs at the
inside behind tai chi and at the end
macao this is the end of the field towards us
even on the tempo submitted by
energizer
he leads with two lengths now fund
equipment third is then pack the ahl
a little bit lessened in any case
must let amarillo pass by five
that the tracking tai chi behind it
at the aaron far behind a journey
sixth place and at the end and
changed macao it goes straight into the
enema into the tempo but hellish
fast forward energizer foreplay knight
and so it goes into the enema and
Energizer leads third before Spirit
san marino then they come then comes
finish in macau on the side of
Paccar travel on 400 meters in front of the line
in advantage
behind it is marin or attacks then is
out and tai chi qi is going to be tremendously strong and
far back
since shoot energizer and anna-maria
over and tai chi shines the winter
favorites with thierry thulliez too
win the fight for the second money
between energizer and between maria
deitermann der comes the economy
ears have been fighting for a long time at home
the second money on maria or turns
Still from one
but she won over me
faith in renault was second and then
It was almost then came in any case
outside ameron still quoted
energizer at 400 meters in front of the line in
advantage
behind it is marin or attacks then is
outside tai chi chi chi becomes enormously strong
where samma from far back
since shoot energizer and anna-maria
over and she shines the winter
favorites with thierry thulliez too
win fight for the second meanwhile
energizer and so smart mario rider
amaranth he only comes on tours
have been fighting for a long time at home
the second money amarena turns
another aaron but superior to jihad
won, I believe